---
description: The universal mining asset verification layer
---

# UMVL (Validation Layer) - The universal mining asset verification layer

### On-chain validation

With the continuous development of DeFi, the concept of liquidity mining has been accepted by more and more participants. The LP tokens generated by liquidity mining are very high-quality on-chain assets. The principle of UncleMine's on-chain asset verification is to use smart contracts to allow asset owners to pledge LP tokens within a unit time, thereby forming asset trust endorsements.

### Off-chain validation

UMVL continuously generates simple zero-knowledge proofs through decentralized nodes to prove the existence of computing power. For the generation and verification scheme of the proof of computing power, please see our research papers:

[_**Anonymous and Succinct Proofs of Hash Power from NIZK**_](https://docsend.com/view/yk7u6azcwdjep4md)

[_**A Decentralized Mining Pool for General PoX-Based Blockchains**_](https://docsend.com/view/tirqvgrpwknixc4d)

[_**Sidechains Motivating Layer-One Mining**_](https://docsend.com/view/bjtstsd8kknixxfv)

Since the proof of computing power is generated off-chain and cannot be used directly by smart contracts, we also need a set of middleware tools to credibly transmit the generated proofs to the chain. We call this the computing power oracle. The UM computing power oracle is the interface between the off-chain computing power proof and the on-chain smart contract. It consists of a series of APIs and smart contracts. First of all, the computing power oracle uses the computing power proof generated by the off-chain nodes as input, and through the collaboration between the nodes, the credible proof is transmitted to the specified on-chain contract in real-time.

Any user can prove that the holder of a certain address has a specific amount and type of computing power running by reading the on-chain data.

Third-party applications can integrate these proof data into their own business logic to build various decentralized applications centered on computing power resources and computing power assets. In addition, UMVL can also accept feedback input from other smart contracts, thereby generating feedback signals on the real-world computing power and guiding the allocation of computing power resources off the chain.
